I don't know what my dad thinks
Let me come every morning to give you incense to grandpa
This is his dying wish
Do you want to finish it well?
Grandpa doesn't know how many more times I can ring you
There's been a fire recently
In order to collect protection fees, trouble me every day
No matter how you go down, you have to fight them hard
Grandpa
If one day
I really can't give you incense, grandson.
Don't blame me.
Maybe I'll come down to find you
Heaven is ruthless
The vicissitudes of time
This retreat
Another three years
Left Dharma Protector Chunyang Right Dharma Protector Post 1
Don't Protector Jiu Xuan
Post-law protection marketing
Let's get out of prison through the ancestor
Reger
Could it be that the Tao of Heaven wants to punish the ancestors for defying the sky?
Hahahaha
Joke to punish the old man
Everything in the world
Nothing can punish the old man
Not even the Heavenly Axiom can
Little Tiandao
Dare to be so rude to the old man to block
Sword Fairy Sublime borrowed three thousand swords
Slash the sky today